== README

**First of all, don't take the name of this repo to mean that I think that the fantastic grid toolkit Susy is a failure in any way. It's great, and the reason I don't want to give up on this issue. 

This test site is a simplified version of our project at tutormate.org; it only includes the stylesheets. I am having long compile delays in development, and have been trying to figure out how to fix the error that the combination of Sass 3.3 (or 3.4) and the sprockets-rails gem throws: 

`Warning. Error encountered while saving cache [every single one of the scss files] can't dump anonymous class #<Class:0x007fc5db23a750>`

While I'm only including the stylesheets from our larger project here, I was getting this same error in a completely stripped-down site consisting of one @import-ed stylesheet and the application.css.scss manifest. The error has no impact on the working of the app; it's just something that appears when compiling in development and pre-compiling in staging/production. The problem is all about speed, and how long it is taking to use this number of stylesheets in development. 

I've tried pretty much everything, save for downgrading to Sass 3.2 and Susy One. I'd rather not move backwards, if I can. 

I am open to a solution that would bypass the Rails Asset Pipeline. I'm familiar with Grunt and Gulp, and could make this work if there was a way to just dismantle the compiling of styles via a task runner, but not upsetting a deployment to Heroku when needed. 

Thanks all for your help!

- Matt Bivins



This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
